you
oh hey there and see you there Mike
rescue from Team sandy upload videos
every Monday Wednesday Friday today I'm
gonna do a review on my V Force
profilers it's a mask that you wear it
when you play the ball of paint so
thanks about some masks I really like it
great mask good breathability for when
you're running around the field running
on the field a lot need a lot of oxygen
so for breathability I've had no issues
with it I can always breathe if I'm
running out of breath uh for hearing
I've had noises of hearing I can hear
pretty much anything that's going on
it's got these just rubber ear pieces
which of these things no issues with
hearing here my buddies yelled across
the field
and here Jake yelling he's crying
because he got hit with the only thing
with the breathing though is when you
breathe a lot there gets a lot of
condensation on this rubber here that's
one thing just from your breath well
then I've noticed really just learn that
nothing really great great breathability
great hearing um the lens I love the
length on this mask Emmett any issues
with fogging
except up here by the headband just from
sweating so much during the summer games
it's really simple to take off just
these little Clips here and the inside
you just push these in then your straps
pretty much loose I think you pulled his
wingy things off only note there I just
my new wings and then just push down
lines and just pop straight out so I'm
really easy to take off a little
blindness if you switch it if you get
hit in the mass um prevents limbs for a
while now I got it used and it was
already scratched to crap
I can still see through perfectly noise
she was falling big it's a big lines you
got a lot of peripherals I guess you
see through your it feels a lot a lot of
you nice lightweight mask feasibility
it's good you can hear good lens is good
foams nice and soft it bands got this
nice snuff grippy stuff grab the back
her head just a good mask in my opinion
I love it if anything you should